- Recruitment HR (FA***A, P**YA) needs only to fill the position and gives no full information of the expectations from the management. They don't explain you hidden points in their offer letter which says that they can release any epmployee on the spot without any improvement programs or not even notice period compensation if the candidate is not upto their so called expectations. 
- They expect people to perform in all areas even if it isn't in one's skill sets and they expect to perform outstanding without any guidance or support working long hours or else they fire you.
- Cheap Unsupportive Senior Management people ( group of 3-4 people A-A-V ) are interested only in their big fat packages and don't bother about the team mates and their struggling.
- Management thinks through lunch parties in every few weeks will keep the culture healthy but actually healthy culture starts with upliftment of the team mates and not lunch by parties.
- Please don't join this organisation if you don't want to ruin your career, there are lot of good companies out there who value their resources.

STOP TREATING EMPLOYEES SLAVES AND DEMOTIVATE THEM AS THEY ARE ALSO HUMANS HAVING A RIGHT TO LIVE WITH DIGNITY.

----------------

Worst company to work with"
Former Employee - Recruitment Specialist in Pune
Doesn't Recommend
Negative Outlook
Disapproves of CEO

I worked at Talent Anywhere full-time (More than a year)

Pros

this review is based on my experience

Cons

1. they are EPFO defaulters, they dont just lie to their employees they also lie to their foreign clients who do not understand this norm. they show fake receipts to client to make them believe that EPFO is paid.

2. they do not pay dues even after exit. they have not paid incentives and other dues now after months of exit. any followup goes on deaf years and no response comes from them at all.

3. HR is spineless. HR is there is execute all irrational mandates that management gives and to fire people.

4. No vision, they hire candidates by telling them false plans. Since I have seen not a single plan/business they have has achieved even 30% of what was told during the hiring process. Nothing is certain and they are proud about it. there is no flow, no plan and no vision.

5. Dont believe any good review written about them, these are forced reviews by the HR, also employees from Baroda write it as they dont have any other employment option.

6. they dont stop at this, they even fake electricity bills and try to get extra money from client. they are extremely unethical ppl.Show Less

Advice to Management

stop lying to ppl you hire, do business with ethics

----------
Talent Anywhere Logo
"Not well managed, EPFO defaulter"

Former Employee - Senior Software Engineer in Vadod
Doesn't Recommend
Negative Outlook
Disapproves of CEO

I worked at Talent Anywhere full-time (More than 5 years)

Pros

Nothing that I can think of.

Cons

Financials of the company is not strong

Struggling to pay EPFO dues
Not paying Gratuity to ex employees
No team outing not team building

Check with existing or ex employees before u join company.

No transparency

No career growth, only work for client as satellite team without change in designation for years.

Advice to Management

Manage company finance well..Don't divert employee money to anywhere else

------------
-------------
No Pros as such apart from the salary benefits they offer which switch

- Financial condition of the company is not strong as the upper management manages the funds from here and there and CEO runs his other business from the funds of this organization
- They have not paid PF since last 2 years and struggling to pay, they soon will be caught into legal trouble as they have to pay the PF dues in any situation
- They are also reluctant to pay the gratuity dues of an employee who has spent more than 5 years in the organization
- HR Team are just for the name sake as they don't listen to employees at all and are like puppets for the management.
- DO NOT JOIN THIS ORGANIZATION AT ALL AS YOU WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR IT LATER.
- You can cross check my reviews with the existing people in the organization through social media (linkedin, facebook) or other references

- Stop doing the unprofessional business and don't ruin the life of others. I know this advise you will not like but its the fact.